Is everything in place?
All set.
If she dares to show her face, she won't escape.
Excellent.
You can keep your videos when it's done.
That's the deal.
Hello, Mr. Smith.
My name is Jade Spencer.
I'm with the Morgan Group.
Um, pleasure to meet you.
Pleasure is all mine.
We have a seat.
I put together a contract for our conversation.
Take a look.
I don't care about superficial words.
I just want to know if you truly
understand our product.
Do we have a drink?
Cheers.
Have a little more.
Top it off.
I'm good.
Not feeling so good.
Can we continue this conversation
simply with your team, okay?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what's the rush?
If you're not feeling well,
you should have a seat.
Stay for a little bit.
I could take care of you.
If you insist, then, um,
we can play a game.
A game?
Like the sound of that.
Yeah.
So if you catch me,
I'll spend the day.
Good game.
That's good.
And that case,
Mr. Smith,
you have to give me a heads up, okay?
Three.
Two.
One.
Here I come.